We built a complete moron application with all four technologies and Wolf obviously now it's time to
not just tested locally but instead to also deploy it.
So to move the application onto our real server where our users can reach it as well because at the
moment of course it only runs locally on local host which means only we can see and use this application.
Therefore in this module we will have a look at the steps we should go through to prepare our application
for deployment and some things you should keep in mind and you should have a look at when you want to
deploy your application and then I will show you two different ways of deploying more naps you could
use.
So two different ways of getting your marine app onto real servers.
So let's dive in.